Introduced env variable `PDS_JOB_UUID` #863 (#1377)
mercedes-benz/sechub: sechub-doc/src/docs/asciidoc/documents/operations/server/server_deployment.adoc

====

====== Logging
*Default output*

{sechub} uses per default logging to stdout, so you just need to use something like
`fluentd` PODs to gather log output.

*Logstash support*

> When you want to use `logstash` (e.g. when using `Kibana`) you just have to set the environment variable 

Reviewer: Kibana is just a web front-end for ElasticSearch. [OpenSearch](https://www.opensearch.org/) is a fork of ElasticSearch.

```suggestion
When you want to use `logstash` (e.g. when using `ElasticSearch` or `OpenSearch`) you just have to set the environment variable 
```
